### 日清战争 and 甲午战争

first Sino-Japanese war
- turning point of China and Japan
    - Japan as a rising power
    - Qing dinasty's collapse
- Japan also learned western imperialism?
- why didnot people right's movement and imperial diet make Japan more peaceful?
    - no constraints on military budgets
- China's alience with Japan against western power
- Koera as an independent country or a dependency in Chinese tributary system?
- Japan to challenge China over Koera
- Japan government's deliemma: revise unequal treaty with western powers, but how?
    - commertial power or military power?
    - critisize from ex-samurais: not able to defend national dignity
- Japan's relationship with China influenced by Japan's relationship with western power
    - which country being more close to western power
- Japan's geopolitics: defend boarder and national interest
- treaty between China and Japan: Chinese recognization of Japanese emperor
    - trouble for Koera: Koera only had a king, recognize only Chinese emperor, Japanese king.
- treaty between Koera and Japan: great Koera with great Japan
    - treaty between autonomous states: what does atonomous mean?
        - Koerean version: autonomous in domestic governence, China as the soverenty of Koera
            - not capable in western world, how to slove it: China to annex Koera? Koera turn to Japan?
        - Japanese version: independent state
- wage wa on China in 1882?
    - inflation in Japan
    - Japanese navy being inferior than China
    - possible Chinese alience with Germany? Chinese battleship made in Germany!
- Tianjin convention: Koera under supervision of both China and Japan
    - importance for China and Japan to form alience: same enemy Russia
    - great game between Britian and Russia: leave Koera to China, in case B or R to occupy Koera
    - China send 袁世凯 to Koera, tighten control on Koera to turn it to Chinese colony, like Xinjiang
- China to send troop to Koera during peasant rebellion 
