### parson

power as the capacity of the unit to mobilize resources
- stress the mandate of the system, the unit has binding obiligation
- obiligated to fullfil to demand for the colletive goal of the entire system: e.g. tax
- similarity between power and money
    - generalized medium of exchange to mobilize resources
    - symbols not tied to concrete objects, need to gain the trust and confidence of the community
    -  can inflate: money -> credit -> more money, power -> more power
    - power is authority in Parson's perspective
        - Marx: power is coersion and force
        - Parson: force is secondary, power represents more than force
        - use of force indicates the breakdown of power
        - when power lost its symbolic normative capacity that it relies on force
- discussion
    - power enforce social inequality?
    - where does power come from?
    - is force and coersion merely the secondary especy of power?

stratification
- stratification is universial
- focus on social position, but not individual
- funcitonal importance of different positions(uniqueness and dependency), and scarcity of talent
    - induce talented people to make sacrifices, give them more rewards
    - unconsciously device: important positions filled by most qualified people
    - stratification is functional and beneficial to society
- debate
    - is stratification universial? shared labor, no private property in the past
    - how to measure functional importance? finetuned?
    - is there a scarcity of talent?
    - who is making sacrifices?
    - high reward justified? do we need a high rewards to motivate people?
        - what is a reward? money? knowledge
        - pay more to bankers to motivate them becoming a banker?
    - stratification as an unconscious device?
    - is stratification function/beneficial to society?
