### Japan-centered world or Japan in the world

in class quiz
- Daimyo with atomomy leads the Meiji restoration
- time of Tokugawa Japan, any time around 1600 - 1850 would be fine
- lowest rate of samurai? Osaka, a commercial center provide food and goods to Edo
- basic level of education? temple, terakuya, anything but private academy
- amazed I answered two or three of them... even I only attend two lectures...

Q. how do parents know the quality of terakuya?
- They do not care, any basic level of education would be fine

Three major system answers the world, while no state defined ideology. There are a lot of compititions, which is diff. from China. How do they debate, compete?
- why china self-claimed the center of the world?
- use things from Dutch to criticise things in China, and vise versa
- and nativist scholarship v.s. foreign learnings
    - Botany, biology, etc. more important than things from China, but Christianity is prohibited
    - Chinese ideology replaced by Japanese conterpart
    - Dutch natural science v.s. Chinese "格物"
    - Confusionism in Japan learn things from Dutch to respond attacks from Dutch ideology
    - Japanese learning method promote such debate, academy attract diff. groups of students by competition
    - Japan nativist go to countryside, for failure in city

Where to put China and Japan in the world map?
- first influenced by Chinese world view, China -> foreign country(use Chinese characters) -> foreign barbarian in asia -> foreign europe barbarian
- check translation from China through Jesuits: Chinese translation tends to be wrong, for Chinese characters and pronunciation
- The knowledge about outside world make what diff. when opened by foreign country?
    - Where to place Japan?
    - Which country is more superior? -> Why China put itself in the center? Mandate from heaven. Japan have its own emperor, too, make the term "帝国", while in China no such word. Still diff. from europe empire(no diff. people).
    - Use of "中国", give a sense of accepting Chinese position in the world, instead use "唐土" / "支那"(neutral at that time)
    - Sensitive to "夷", Japan also civilized, calling itself "中华", replace China while perserve the diff. between "华夷" in mind
    - Replace Chinese poetry with Japanese poetry waka

Nativist learning in Japan
- Japan was better before learning from China, back to the trul soul of Japan
- encourge scholar to study ancient Japan
- *create* a Japan culture for political purpose, Japan as a country was created
- recover Japanese methology, miss!
- e.g. Japan not mentioned in Bible's flood, so Japan must be superior
- not only center, but un-matched country, "神国"
- defensive and aggresive
    - do not open Japan
    - conquer the world as a favor
- but that is not the dominant idea, when Japan had no dominant idea

Conclusion: try foreign ideas, see whether it works, do not repeat Chinese failure
